you know what I love judging other
people's work isn't it fun let's all
judge together welcome to a new series
may be called grading your videos /
channels the other day I asked for some
brave volunteers to let me on this very
public stage watch and review your own
homemade videos after cringing I will
then assign each video a letter grade
and I'll even provide some constructive
criticism because I'm a giver here's a
request from the almost random show on
YouTube you say there's a five-second
scene in this video that took you three
hours to mask and edit let's see if it's
worth it this video is titled tiny Ryan
and right off the bat we have a hundred
eighty likes and only eight dislikes
that's a good ratio so this might be a
genuinely good video but I'll be the
judge of that
let's see
the mario odyssey music is gonna hinder
your video somewhat i love the
reflection that's a beautiful touch
that's an that's an a-plus move right
there buddy hold on one more time how
did you do that
did you mask out your fingers did you
mask out your fingers playing that's
damn impressive that's incredible
you can't even tell there's a finger
there what is this is this just the
whole video is just him interacting with
objects that are amusing for a small
person yeah I think so
okay hmm oh no no no no no no no no a
record scratch used on ironically
oof I'm breaking out the red pen for
that man oh absolutely not
I love this this is great nice
oh I like I like having the denim jacket
in the pile of laundry those that was
those cool little uh touch ah plot
progression finally I like the different
camera angle that's nice aha Oh motion
tracking
[Music]
oh no no no oh wow okay okay beautiful
ending so here are my notes for the
almost random show tiny Ryan is a
triumph but it is not without its flaws
first off I'm gonna give your masking an
A+
that was incredible and I'm a little
turned on by it I could not tell who was
being matched and I frankly I don't know
how to do that music you get a D you get
a D write your own damn music use
royalty-free music even if you're using
the Mari music as a meme it's gonna be
hard to monetize with that kind of music
okay I'm giving the Adele shirt a C+ I
feel like it was a little distracting
but still kind of funny record scratch F
ah yuck
big yuck the ending gets an A the plot
twist was extremely welcome and I love
dark comedy sue me so overall I would
have to give tiny Ryan let's give it a
B+ there were some really impressive
technical effects and it was quite funny
I do feel some scenes were a little
drawn-out but like I said it is a
triumph B+ is a pretty good grade I look
forward to seeing more from this channel
whose name I've already forgotten we
have a willing volunteer who's name is
Pixie LOX I'm terrified and willing My
partner and I worked together on the
videos and we were both longtime big
boys all right pixie locks show me what
you're working with I'm gonna watch the
latest video from Pixy locks looks like
it's a it's a favorites type video where
they showcase their their favorite
things like Oprah very impressive like
to dislike ratio always promising but
let's give it a grade
lovely animation very colorful very
bright Oh confetti club
it is pixie and we are back again okay
breaking out the red pen background is
beautiful love the background so many
colors it's bright a lot of thought and
love went into the background I'm not a
fan of the intro though and I'll tell
you why it seems a wee bit forced
very manufactured it's like a little
fortnight dance now maybe I'm being a
jerk and that's been your thing for
years and if that's the case then by all
means but the series is not called
praising your videos is it if I see
something I don't like I'm gonna be
tough on you but like constructively and
for a second monthly favourites that's
right two months not failing at least so
far I have I like the cuts are good they
break up the monotony I do the same
thing in yeah of course always good to
know when to use those cuts last month I
didn't have a lot in the like fashion
Department and fashion is definitely
probably I love that I love the biggest
passion in life that's that's a lovely
little transition these cute little gags
really add a lot of life to a video um
this jacket actually became one of my
main little staple pieces that I've been
wearing very interesting and smart
choice to use narration while you
actually try the jacket on that's nice
jacket I got this at my local Value
Village unfortunately and it goes back
and forth between the modelling and then
back to the the narration to camera
variety is the spice of life and that is
doubly so for YouTube videos you seem
like you're kind of a pro you've done
this many many times before now if I'm
being perfectly honest with you this is
not typically the type of video I would
watch this is just this subject isn't my
cup of tea and that subject being
favorites videos so I find it a little
unfair on my part to grade this based on
whether I like it or not because this is
not for my my demo it's not really for
me I can really only grade this video on
how well it's done and frankly this
video was done very well use of colour
plus I don't know if you do any color
correction and post or if it all looks
that good in the camera either way I'm
impressed little let it gags b-plus
they're smartly used then they go a long
way in sprucing up the life of a
17-minute video so I think that averages
this video out to a solid a now
unfortunately I can't really great it
further and that's mainly because I feel
like this video is for a club that I'm
not a part of and that's okay there's
room for everyone here on YouTube James
Miller says if you like board games or
joke so bad it can't bring myself to
finish them you should definitely check
out this video so James what do you got
this video is titled tabletop games and
card games and what des means to me do
your worst James today I want to talk to
you about something very special to me a
wholly unique form of entertainment
something that you you're given a
character a set of rules boundaries my
goodness and objective in this form I'm
getting strong strong nakey jakie vibes
already which is always a good thing you
make the choices you drive the narrative
oh my gosh you don't exist that's right
I'm talking about tabletop games and
card games staple table games have been
around so much variety so much cutting
almost at the point where it's dare I
say distracting let us continue some of
your more widely played board games
contain elements of love so that every
the damn Mario music again careful use
sparingly although that'd be kind of
cool so the players are the sheer amount
of editing this single video had to take
and we're we're are only a minute into a
six minute video it's dizzying I cannot
imagine the hours you spent on this
single video alone tabletop games
tabletop games are really not the only
thing this videos about and unite
boomers and Zoomers under
common flag no the other one what no
great comedic timing I must say and you
can't edit that that's all talent baby
I like this back and forth between you
and the bed and then you with the green
screens because it's not just editing
variety it's seen variety accidentally
the candlestick with the world you made
me laugh unbelievable Wow
I was very impressed with this video
James Miller you've got something here
all right first things first your
editing is an A+ obviously and that goes
right into timing which I would give you
in a plus as well you knew exactly when
to transition into other jokes you never
held on to one joke for too long which
is crucial for comedy scene variety B
plus sometimes you were in front of the
green screen and sometimes you were in
your bed I appreciated that truly making
it your own I'm gonna give you a be the
inspiration from Nagy jakey is obvious
but I don't think it's too similar your
little trick with the the round mini
green screen that was a lovely touch I
haven't seen that anywhere else and I'm
giving you a B in this category because
I want to see where else you take this
direction actually funny category a well
done which brings this entire video I
think to an A+ absolutely why not you'll
love to see it you'll love to see the a
pluses really looking forward to your
next video James next up we have a very
cryptic submission here from a Conor
Gregory so with some slight hesitation
let us click this youtube link looks
like this is a song called love yourself
featuring lasagna boys already giving
this title an A+ let's see what love
yourself featuring lasagna boys sounds
like love yourself love yourself we are
all good friends a lot of layers to this
onion which ones are the lasagna boys
[Music]
let me out of toes that's anything
it's just rather impressive the moment
you included let me at them toes into
the song that really elevated this piece
from an aid to an a-plus title a plus
I see the lasagna boys going way far
visuals see not terribly interesting but
they didn't really have to be lyrics a
plus let me at them toes productionvalue
surprisingly good a minus the grunge
heavy metal guitar part was out of left
field but in a cool way it's like the
song switched up genres it's and it's
kind of the gift that keeps on giving
and in some ways this song kind of takes
me back to like 2010 YouTube when little
gag songs like these were more than norm
and as an old-timer
I gotta respect that final overall grade
a - this song should blow up in
popularity and be sung in karaoke bars
across the nation also great message
love yourself
we are all good friends Scott Larson
says I got a $3,000 camera and made this
video don't you want to see what a video
with a $3,000 camera looks like cuz cuz
I do oh and it's an unlisted video I
feel like we're cheating we're about to
be privy to a secret let's see what a
$3,000 camera looks like but so far no
offense doesn't look like a $3,000
camera at me
the lighting is just is abysmal it's an
embarrassment giving you an F for
lighting a bottom from China faces an
InFocus gonna need to read pens for this
so what are those noodles aren't in
focus I thought everybody does relying
on autofocus that's an F really cool
another cute little subtle you know move
in a minute it's nice but it's not gonna
save you from all those F's I gave you
yeah I finished school that this is the
only that is the only shot that maybe
looks like it was possibly taken with a
$3,000 camera notice the the depth of
field in the background the lighting is
great
you got some balloons for color this is
the only good shot in your minute long
video Scott but I'm still pretty at
paper there's no light on the face no
light on the balloons I should talk
there's too much light on my face right
now so I really do as I say not as I do
but still big Oh laughs okay oh and
that's it
now if you go in the description it does
it does indeed say this is just a test
for my microphone and Scott that is
adorable that you think this is gonna
give you a passing grade
uh-uh not in my classroom lighting F all
around f you have one good shot one good
shot saved you from an F - the most
embarrassing grade also Scott I might
want to get your money back on that
$3,000 camera Lou now I'm just playing
I'm sure it's a good camera it just
doesn't have a good cinematographer
random humor D I get that this is just a
mic test but still Scott accent a love
the accent the microphone is decent the
microphones would be all in all I'm
sorry Scott this is a d-plus see there's
a reason this is unlisted sorry this
whole series it's just an excuse for me
to be a jerk depressed laughter from
youtube rights
please grade my needlessly horny channel
about sneeze fetishes a subject that I'm
not sure actually exists are we about to
get meme done let's see we're about to
grade a video called
kink police I emailed a sneeze porn star
a lot of words in this title that I I
didn't know could go together on the
last episode of kink please sneeze
fetishes these two morons decided to
unpack his
of various tanks and they decided to
venture Oh yummy transition with news
welcome police no no stop stop
huge gigantic nerd city vibes which to
me is a very good thing that intro by
the way was fire and also hellish you
have very similar color palette to the
nerd city channel is that too much to
say now unfortunately I'm not able to
show a lot of this video and let's do to
some of the edgy ER content but if you
want to watch the whole thing I'll link
in the description your purse I will say
this video is quite funny it really is
it made me laugh out loud multiple times
your use of transitions is inspired this
single video just oozes tons of style
you do some interesting color correction
things and the shots of you I think need
a lot more lighting whether it's natural
light or artificial light it needs more
light because I think that's going to
give you more to play with when it comes
to color correcting or perhaps maybe you
do like the grainy aesthetic of this but
I think you're gonna have a lot more
options if you give yourself more light
I had no idea it existed until this is
great recreations of an email exchange
but you went all out in this little
expose I learned far more than I ever
wanted to about the world of sneeze
fetishes alright depressed laughter just
for that intro you're getting an A+ that
was probably the best part of the video
at least in my opinion lighting I'm
gonna give you AC but it's only gonna
make this next category color that much
stronger we're gonna give your color a
B+ and once you crank up that lighting
your colors gonna get to an a maybe an
A+ presentation is another easy aid for
you you're able to break down this weird
abstract world of sneeze fetishes and
not only do you break it down for us
you do it in a really damn funny way I'm
grading this video a solid a I really
look forward to future Expos
days and documentaries from you for
God's sake you have sixteen likes that
should be a thousand six hundred likes
we got a request from professional
daddy-longlegs saying go for it
we're a work in progress I love the
confidence let's see what you got
YouTube channel dangerous to society he
got a song called 2012 it is an original
song and if you look over here they have
8 likes and not a single dislike like
those odds
time to judge away
[Music]
good chords good chords
so right away you'll probably note that
the vocals need to be louder and the
guitar needs to be either quieter or
same volume just bring up the vocals but
let's give them a chance another thing I
want subtitles
where are the subtitles for an original
song I demand to see subtitles so that I
can read along with what you're saying
so that I can understand what you're
saying the first time I watch this and
in the second time I can respect and
appreciate the musicality their
painstaking but they're always worth it
plot twist percussion but I can't really
understand what you're singing / same
because now instead of one instrument
overpowering you we got to I want to
hear what you're saying dog
[Music]
a little louder okay how about some
valid constructive criticism over all
song grade is a very solid b-plus I'm a
firm believer that chords and chord
structure makes the song and this song
has a very solid foundation and on top
of that I'm already a giant fan of the
fact that you guys are writing an
original song having said that audio
quality I'm gonna have to give you a C I
cannot hear / understand what you are
singing due to the audio misbalance
several ways to solve this a proper
miking of course but if you don't have
the mic setup how about this simple
solution singer moves a little closer to
the camera guitarist a little further
away I don't know
mayhaps this is the problem you've
already come across and solved but this
was the video that you linked me and
this is the video I judge overall grade
I'm gonna give you a bee
hopefully my mild constructive criticism
points you in the right direction and I
look forward to hearing what you have in
store for us next
cane midge says pick me please I haven't
posted in a while but I'm working on
stuff and cane you just said the mantra
of every youtuber including yours truly
cane let's see what you have to offer
cane I'm gonna go ahead and watch your
channel trailer it's called canes
kitchen number 8 choc chip cookies
[Music]
lovely fond memory let's get the
ingredients put the melted butter and oh
boy I like that love the harmony just
because there's butter melts it all
together Oh Kane it's very fancy you
have a multicam setup and that's quite
lovely I must say especially for a
kitchen let's keep going whoa
complete with royalty-free music no less
this is how to basic if he showed his
face I'm sure of it let's make them into
bowls that's nice that hang out for them
I like that editing absolutely wham bam
thank you ma'am
more of that cane that's it and that's
it
chain for comedy I'm gonna give you a be
B for comedy and that's not bad not
every one of your jokes landed to me but
that's okay because comedy is all about
throwing stuff against the wall and
seeing what sticks and you threw a lot
of things at the wall I can't fault you
for that can i Kane so that's why you
get a B and for effort obviously you get
an A an A for effort a lot of heart and
a lot of warmth went into this project
and you can tell and Kay and I'm gonna
give you the best praise that I can I
never go out of my way to watch cooking
videos I would 100% watch your next
cooking video you know why you give it
variety you vary the pacing and the
shots you have a multicam setup very
fancy and you know exactly how to keep
your video moving and for that cane I
have to give your video at least a B+ or
as I call it a bazinga Plus hey I had a
lot of fun making this video if you're
feeling particularly brave and you want
me to grade your video let me know in
the comments below just write a comment
below saying something like great me or
watch this video and then link or
mention a specific video on your channel
that you want me to grade and I'll check
it out couple of rules though don't
recommend like a friends Channel I'm
only grading people who are asking to be
graded it's not fun if I grade someone
who didn't
for it right and if you're on Twitter
use the hashtag grade me if you want me
to grade your videos today's video is
sponsored by the 20/20 17-inch LG gram
in fact I used the gram to edit this
entire video including this neato epic
time-lapse and that's to show off the
better performance with Intel's 10th gen
processor with iris plus graphics it
allows power users like myself to edit
gigabytes of video with the greatest of
ease also it is stupidly lightweight at
only two point nine eight pounds very
helpful when traveling especially when
I'm editing thumbnails on a plane and to
help with editing it has an even longer
lasting battery at 80 watt hours and of
course it still has that big beautiful
17 inch screen with the sixteen by ten
aspect ratio the perfect ratio for my
Adobe Premiere workstation and if you
want the 20/20 LG Graham good news they
have a launch program happening from
right now till March 22nd
check out the LG Graham game on Facebook
to win prizes like a Spotify gift card
or a freaking 20/20 LG Graham click the
link in the description below for more
info